To open the same file in two places:
	Open the file (e.g., GroupPane.cs)
	Go to the top menu:
	Window → New Window
	Drag the new tab to the right
Tag			Purpose
<param>		Describes a method parameter
<returns>	Describes what the method returns
<remarks>	Extra detail if needed
<example>	Shows how to use the method


Delete all empty lines
Edit
^\s*\r?\n and bottom option .* should be turned on
Replace with:
(Leave it empty)


✅ Steps to Make All Errors Appear
Rebuild the Entire Solution
	Shortcut: Ctrl + Shift + B
	This forces all files to be compiled and all errors to be revealed.
	Open the Error List Explicitly
	Menu: View → Error List
	Or: Ctrl + \, then Ctrl + E
	Clean and Rebuild
	Right-click on Solution → Clean Solution
	Then: Right-click → Rebuild Solution
	This clears intermediate build files that might cause confusion.
	Check Output Window
	Menu: View → Output → Set dropdown to "Build"
	This sometimes shows build issues not in the error list.
	Enable Full Background Code Analysis
	Tools → Options → Text Editor → C# → Advanced
	Ensure “Enable full solution analysis” is checked
	Also check: “Show live semantic errors” and “Run background code analysis for all files”
	Close and Reopen Visual Studio
	Sometimes a simple restart fixes cache issues and shows the error list properly.
	Delete .vs, bin, obj Folders
	Close Visual Studio
	Delete:
	.vs/ folder (in solution root)
	bin/ and obj/ folders (in each project folder)
	Then reopen and rebuild


Optional Speed Check Tip:
	Use command prompt:
	ping -n 10 www.google.com
	tracert daishin.co.kr


What to Ask When You Consult the Carrier:
Here’s a checklist to bring:
	1. Network Priority
	Ask: “Is this plan deprioritized compared to main carrier plans?”
	High-paying plans usually get priority bandwidth, especially during congestion.
	2. Ping/Latency Optimization
	Ask: “Is there a plan optimized for low-latency tasks like stock trading or gaming?”
	3. Tethering Support
	Confirm that tethering speed is not capped (some cheap plans throttle tethering).
	4. 5G or Premium LTE Zones
	Ask: “Does this plan have access to full 5G or just LTE with limits?”
	5. Real-time Service Suitability
	Explain: “I need stable, real-time access for financial APIs (주식 거래).”
	6. Ping Test Suggestion
	Ask if they can show you ping to Korean servers or allow testing at the store.
	📌 Carriers in Korea with Better Ping:
	If you're in Korea, consider:
	SK Telecom (T world) — highest coverage and performance
	KT (Olleh) — good latency and consistent
	LG U+ — affordable but check performance in your area
	The main-brand plans (not MVNO) almost always have better ping, especially during market hours.